1. Question 1
What is the purpose of countermeasures (D1, L2.1)?
1 point

- [x] React to an incident
- [ ] Prevent an incident
- [ ] Deter an incident
- [ ] Manage an incident

2. Question 2
Which of the following is a basic requirement the security kernel must meet? (D2, L2.2)
1 point

- [ ] Completeness
- [ ] Isolation
- [ ] Verifiability
- [x] All of these

3. Question 3
What function does an access control system NOT perform? (D2, L2.1)
1 point

- [ ] Perform the same way every time
- [x] Make access control decisions
- [ ] Identify all subjects and objects
- [ ] Provide complete mediation

4. Question 4
A list of company-restricted websites would best be handled in the first instance by what type of control? (D2, L2.1)
1 point

- [x] Physical
- [ ] Administrative
- [ ] Environmental
- [ ] Technical

5. Question 5
What mechanism is used to verify a user's claim to an identity? (D2, L2.4)
1 point

- [ ] Proofing
- [ ] Entitlement
- [x] Authentication
- [ ] Provisioning

6. Question 6
Which system security model emphasizes system and data integrity as the highest priority security characteristic? (D2, L2.2)
1 point

- [x] Biba
- [ ] MAC
- [ ] Bell-LaPadula
- [ ] DAC

7. Question 7
Which encryption method does Kerberos use to encrypt the exchange of messages between users, key distribution centers (KDC) and the applications? (D2, L2.4)
1 point

- [ ] Asymmetric
- [x] Symmetric
- [ ] Advanced Encryption Standard (AES)
- [ ] All of these

8. Question 8
In the data security lifecycle, in which stage is data protected in accordance with its classification level and baseline controls? (D2, L2.2)
1 point

- [ ] Create
- [x] Store
- [ ] Use
- [ ] Share

9. Question 9
In biometrics, a Type II error is what? (D2, L2.3)
1 point

- [ ] Never acceptable
- [x] False acceptance
- [ ] A false rejection
- [ ] The point at which false acceptances and rejections are equal

10. Question 10
When referring to RADIUS solutions, we talk about the three A's. What are they? (D2, L2.4)
1 point

- [x] Authentication, authorization, and accounting
- [ ] Auditing, authentication, and availability
- [ ] Access, accounting, and authentication
- [ ] Access, availability, and authorization
